README.md, before:

# Ghostscript for AWS Lambda as a Layer

## Getting Started

Click on Layers and choose "Add a layer", and "Provide a layer version ARN" and enter the following ARN.

```
arn:aws:lambda:<YOUR REGION>:764866452798:layer:ghostscript:<VERSION>
```

Works with the following [AWS Lambda runtimes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-runtimes.html) which
run on Amazon Linux 2:

- nodejs16.x, nodejs14.x, nodejs12.x, nodejs10.x
- python3.8
- java11

## Version Numbers

| Ghostscript | <VERSION> |
| ----------- |-----------|
| v10.0.0     | 13        |
| v9.56.1     | 12        |
| v9.55.0     | 9         |
| v9.52.0     | 8         |
| v9.50.0     | 6         |
| v9.20.0     | 1         |

## Where can I find the Ghostscript binary inside of Lambda after I attach the layer?

You can find it at `/opt/bin/gs` (`/opt` is where Lambda unpacks layers).

You can run `/opt/bin/gs --version` to make sure Ghostscript is up and running.

## Update

1. Change version number & git tag in the `Dockerfile`
2. Run `./build.sh` script which will produce `ghostscript.zip` file
3. Change version number in the `publish.sh`
4. Commit & Create a Pull Request
5. After merging, a new layer version will be published by the CI automatically

## License

MIT © [Shelf](https://shelf.io)

Commit message:

added extra info for eu-west-3 version dicrepency

README.md, after:

# Ghostscript for AWS Lambda as a Layer

## Getting Started

Click on Layers and choose "Add a layer", and "Provide a layer version ARN" and enter the following ARN.

```
arn:aws:lambda:<YOUR REGION>:764866452798:layer:ghostscript:<VERSION>
```

Works with the following [AWS Lambda runtimes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-runtimes.html) which
run on Amazon Linux 2:

- nodejs16.x, nodejs14.x, nodejs12.x, nodejs10.x
- python3.8
- java11

## Version Numbers

| Ghostscript | <VERSION>              |
| ----------- |------------------------|
| v10.0.0     | 13 (14 for eu-west-3)  |
| v9.56.1     | 12 (13 for eu-west-3)  |
| v9.55.0     | 9  (10 for eu-west-3)  |
| v9.52.0     | 8  (9 for eu-west-3)   |
| v9.50.0     | 6  (7 for eu-west-3)   |
| v9.20.0     | 1                      |

## Where can I find the Ghostscript binary inside of Lambda after I attach the layer?

You can find it at `/opt/bin/gs` (`/opt` is where Lambda unpacks layers).

You can run `/opt/bin/gs --version` to make sure Ghostscript is up and running.

## Update

1. Change version number & git tag in the `Dockerfile`
2. Run `./build.sh` script which will produce `ghostscript.zip` file
3. Change version number in the `publish.sh`
4. Commit & Create a Pull Request
5. After merging, a new layer version will be published by the CI automatically

## License

MIT © [Shelf](https://shelf.io)
